ref: replaced all `dvc run` references with `dvc stage add` in `dvc add` (#3024)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/add.md

They get stored in the <abbr>cache</abbr> by default (use the `--no-commit`
option to avoid this, and `dvc commit` to finish the process when needed).

> > See also `dvc.yaml` and `dvc n` for more advanced ways to track and version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See also `dvc.yaml` and `dvc stage add` for more advanced ways to track and version
```

Reviewer: I can no longer commit suggestions. Otherwise I'd apply this, approve and merge the PR.

Author: Interesting. Probably a GH bug or something. I have that button as of now. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/142184877-cd9f1204-8986-45eb-afed-fc111bb10648.png)

Reviewer: Yeah got it again now 🤷
